npm-org: add page (#14604)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/npm-org.md

# npm-org

> > Manage orgs.
> > More information: <https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/commands/npm-org>.
> 
> - Add a new user to an org:
> 
> `npm org set {{org_name}} {{username}}`
> 
> - Change a user's role in an org:
> 
> `npm org set {{org_name}} {{username}} {{developer|admin|owner}}`
> 
> - Remove a user from an org:
> 
> `npm org rm {{org_name}} {{username}}`
> 
> - List all users in an org:
> 
> `npm org ls {{org_name}}`
> 
> - List all users in an org, outputted in JSON format:
> 
> `npm org ls {{org_name}} --json`
> 
> - Display a user's role in an org:
> 
> `npm org ls {{org_name}} {{username}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Manage organizations.
> More information: <https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/commands/npm-org>.

- Add a new user to an organization:

`npm org set {{organization_name}} {{username}}`

- Change a user's role in an organization:

`npm org set {{organization_name}} {{username}} {{developer|admin|owner}}`

- Remove a user from an organization:

`npm org rm {{organization_name}} {{username}}`

- List all users in an organization:

`npm org ls {{organization_name}}`

- List all users in an organization, output in JSON format:

`npm org ls {{organization_name}} --json`

- Display a user's role in an organization:

`npm org ls {{organization_name}} {{username}}`

```
